### Notice

This release is targeted for the upcoming sbt 0.12.0 release line. See the list for information regarding the [0.12.0-RC1 launcher](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/simple-build-tool/eAGOACDH59E) now.

### Improvements

* Use a proper json serializer. Previously the metadata captured by ls was combined with simple string munging. The use of a proper serializer will ensure the ls server will be able to parse this information. [issue 45](https://github.com/softprops/ls/issues/45)
* Prefer lsyncing released versions. ls is meant to be a tool for resolving stable libraries, not snapshots. [issue 61](https://github.com/softprops/ls/issues/61)
* Ensure regular output. ls query results should print to stdout regardless of log level. [issue 57](https://github.com/softprops/ls/issues/57)
* Version list is truncated for general queries. Long lists of released versions are non useful.

### Changes to defaults

* Changed the default external resolver configured for libraries from `ScalaToolsReleases` to `Opts.releases.sonatypeReleases`. This setting determines which resolver to configure when using the `ls-install` and `ls-try` commands and functions as an hint to ls that this is a default

### New task settings

* New `ls-lint` task to verify your `src/main/ls/:version.json` file is up to spec. Since these files are hand editable json. You are free to modify their contents. `ls-lint` will let you know if your changes are currently compatible with the expected format.
* New `ls-cat` task to print your version file to the console. This makes quickly inspecting that the metadata that `ls-write` extracts and writes is the data you want publishes.

### Dependencies

* Temporarily switching to lift-json instead of jackson for json parsing due to long standing non-deterministic class loader/pickled sig issue
